c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\ProjetoHtml.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\ProjetoHtml.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\obj\Debug\ProjetoHtml.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\obj\Debug\ProjetoHtml.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\ProjetoHtml\obj\Debug\ProjetoHtml.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\ProjetoHtml.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\ProjetoHtml.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\obj\Debug\ProjetoHtml.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\obj\Debug\ProjetoHtml.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ProjetoHtml\Allen-20480\ProjetoHtml\obj\Debug\ProjetoHtml.pdb
